# Poe-chat-api

A Node.js library for connecting to GPT-3.5 via Poe.com

## Features

- Create bot
- Get bots
- Delete bot
- Send message
- Get messages
- Delete all messages
- Break chat
- ...

## Installation

```bash
    npm i poe-chat-api
```

In the next step you need to find your poe cookie from the poe website. To do this, follow the steps below

**Go to poe.com > Log in or register > Open inspect > Select the Application tab > Select the Cookies tab > Copy the cookie value named p-b**

Fill **YOUR-POE-COOKIE** with the copied value

```javascript
const Client = require("poe-chat-api")(async () => {
  const instance = new Client("YOUR-POE-COOKIE", {
    showSteps: true,
  });
})();
```


For parallel sending, it must be noPattern: false, and the format of sending and receiving messages must be changed. To do this, do the following steps.

#### 1- First, enter your bot profile in poe and add the following text in the prompt section

```

Remember that you will be given a code at the beginning of each message and you must enter it at the beginning of each reply in the format [p@tter#F-Code].
for example:
[p@tter#F-Code]
your answer.

The code with the p@tter#F pattern is sent in [p@tter#F-Code] format and received in the same format.

```

Above, a template containing the message is sent so that we can understand which response corresponds to which message.

The pattern is inside a bracket.

The first part of the format is p@tter#F. You can edit it in the instance.init method.

The middle part is a type of space (-) and the last part is the messageId that is generated by the library and is unique. You can also set a messageId in the client.sendMessage method, but it must be unique.

If you are developing an project, I recommend you to use this method instead of the normal method of sending messages.

#### 2- Set noPattern: false

Note: This feature is currently only supported using bots
